---
title: OTP (One Time Password)
description: "Learn how to authenticate users with OTP using Supabase."
---

OTP (One Time Password) is a simple and common method for authenticating users in an application with a single-use token that is sent to the user's email address. Supabase makes it easy to implement this feature in Nuxt. Here's how to use it.

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-exclamation-triangle-20-solid" color="amber"}
With the default options, the module requires a log-in page and a confirm page to handle the [PKCE authorization code flow](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/resources/glossary#pkce). If you want to understand how it works under the hood, you can read this [section](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/auth/server-side-rendering#understanding-the-authentication-flow).
::

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following:

- Login Page (defined in the `redirectOptions` option)
- Confirm Page (defined in the `redirectOptions` option)
- Configured [Redirect Options](/get-started#redirectoptions)

## Setup

You need to create a `login.vue` and `confirm.vue` page in the `pages` folder.

### Log-in page

Path: `/login`

Whenever a user attempts to access a page that requires authentication, they will automatically be redirected to the configured login page. If you want to grant access to "public" pages, simply add them to the exclude redirect option. Alternatively, you can restrict the redirect to specific routes by using the include option.

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-exclamation-triangle-20-solid" color="amber"}
Ensure to activate the authentication providers you want in the Supabase Dashboard under `Authentication -> Providers`.
::

```vue [pages/login.vue]
<script setup lang="ts">
const supabase = useSupabaseClient();
const email = ref("");

const signInWithOtp = async () => {
  const { error } = await supabase.auth.signInWithOtp({
    email: email.value,
    options: {
      emailRedirectTo: "http://localhost:3000/confirm", // Redirect to confirm page
    },
  });
  if (error) console.log(error);
};
</script>
<template>
  <div>
    <button @click="signInWithOtp">Sign In with E-Mail</button>
    <input v-model="email" type="email" />
  </div>
</template>
```

### Confirm page

Path: `/confirm`

The confirmation page receives the Supabase callback. From there, you can check the user value and redirect to the appropriate page.

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
The redirect URL must be configured in your Supabase dashboard under `Authentication -> URL Configuration -> Redirect URLs`.
::

```vue [pages/confirm.vue]
<script setup lang="ts">
const user = useSupabaseUser();

watch(
  user,
  () => {
    if (user.value) {
      // Redirect to protected page
      return navigateTo("/");
    }
  },
  { immediate: true }
);
</script>

<template>
  <div>Waiting for login...</div>
</template>
```
