---
title: Configuration
description: "Configure the Supabase module in your Nuxt project to customize its behavior."
---

## Options

You can configure the supabase module by using the `supabase` key in `nuxt.config`:

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: ["@nuxtjs/supabase"],
  supabase: {
    // Options
  }
}
```

::field-group
::field{name="url" type="string" default="process.env.SUPABASE_URL" required}
Default: `process.env.SUPABASE_URL` (ex: <https://example.supabase.co>)

The unique Supabase URL which is supplied when you create a new project in your project dashboard.
::

::field{name="key" type="string" default="process.env.SUPABASE_KEY" required}
Default: `process.env.SUPABASE_KEY`

Supabase 'anon key', used to bypass the Supabase API gateway and interact with your Supabase database making use of user JWT to apply RLS Policies.
::

::field{name="serviceKey" type="string" default="process.env.SUPABASE_SERVICE_KEY"}
Default: `process.env.SUPABASE_SERVICE_KEY`

Supabase 'service role key', has super admin rights and can bypass your Row Level Security.
::

::field{name="redirect" type="boolean" default="true"}
Default: `true`

Redirect automatically to the configured login page if a non authenticated user is trying to access a guarded. You can disable all redirects by setting this option to false.
::

::field{name="redirectOptions" type="object" default="{}"}

Default:

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
  redirectOptions: {
    login: '/login',
    callback: '/confirm',
    include: undefined,
    exclude: [],
    cookieRedirect: false,
  }
```

An array of redirect options with the following properties:

- `login`: The path to which the user will be redirected if they are not authenticated or after logging out.
- `callback`: The path where the user will be redirected after Supabase login. This should match the configured`redirectTo` option of your [signIn method](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/javascript/auth-signinwithoauth). Should also be configured in your Supabase dashboard under `Authentication -> URL Configuration -> Redirect URLs`.
- `include`: Specifies the routes where the redirect should be applied. For example, `['/admin(/*)?']` enables redirects for the admin page and all its sub-pages.
- `exclude`: Specifies the routes that should be excluded from the redirect. For example, `['/foo', '/bar/*']` excludes the `foo` page and all sub-pages within the `bar` folder.
- `cookieRedirect`: : Stores a cookie with the path the unauthenticated user attempted to access. This cookie can be used on the [`/confirm`](https://supabase.nuxtjs.org/authentication#confirm-page-confirm) page to redirect the user back to the page they initially tried to visit.

::

::field{name="cookieName" type="string" default="sb"}

Default: `sb`

Cookie name used for storing the redirect path when using the `redirect` option, added in front of `-redirect-path` to form the full cookie name e.g. `sb-redirect-path`
::

::field{name="cookieOptions" type="object" default="{ maxAge: 60 _ 60 _ 8, sameSite: 'lax', secure: true }"}

Default:

```ts
  supabase: {
    // ...
    cookieOptions: {
      // the maxAge is set to 8 hours
      maxAge: 60 * 60 * 8,
      // the cookie will only be sent over HTTPS
      sameSite: 'lax',
      // the cookie will be marked as secure
      secure: true
  }

```

Options for cookies used to share tokens between server and client, refer to [cookieOptions](https://nuxt.com/docs/api/composables/use-cookie#options) for available settings. Note that the lifetime specified here does not dictate the duration of the Supabase session.
::

::field{name="types" type="string" default="./types/database.types.ts"}

Default: `./types/database.types.ts`

This specifies the path for the generated Supabase TypeScript definitions. These database definitions will automatically be available to all clients, including `useSupabaseClient`, `serverSupabaseClient`, and `serverSupabaseServiceRole`.

### Generate types from live database

```bash [Terminal]
supabase gen types --lang=typescript --project-id YourProjectId > types/database.types.ts
```

### For local environments, use this command:

```bash [Terminal]
supabase gen types --lang=typescript --local > types/database.types.ts
```

Set this option to false if you want to disable type generation.

For more details, refer to the Supabase [documentation](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/javascript/release-notes#typescript-support).

::field{name="clientOptions" type="object" default="{}"}
Default: `{}`

The Supabase client options are [available here](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/javascript/initializing#parameters) merged with default values from `@supabase/ssr`:

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
supabase: {
  // ...
  clientOptions: {
    auth: {
      flowType: 'pkce',
      autoRefreshToken: isBrowser(),
      detectSessionInUrl: isBrowser(),
      persistSession: true,
    },
  }
}
```
